Ready for review: Beta release notes (#692)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/release-notes/pages/relnotes.adoc

= Release Notes for Couchbase Server 6.5 Beta

> Couchbase Server 6.5 Beta brings many sought-after relational capabilities to the NoSQL world. This release targets improving developer agility, reduced TCO, enhanced manageability, and provides enterprise-grade security and performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Couchbase Server 6.5 Beta brings many sought-after relational capabilities to the NoSQL world.
This release seeks to improve developer agility, reduce total cost of ownership, enhance manageability, and provide more enterprise-grade security and performance. 
```

include::ROOT:partial$beta-disclaimer.adoc[tag=admonition]

Take a look at xref:introduction:whats-new.adoc[What's New?] for a list of new features and improvements in this release.

// [#release-650]

> // == Release 6.5

Reviewer: I assume these are commented out because it's the first release, but you may want to include this heading since Antora will complain that you don't have an H2 (right now the first heading on the page is an H3).

Couchbase Server 6.5 Beta was released in August 2019.

[#changes-in-behavior-650]
=== Major Changes in Behavior from Previous Releases

This section notes major changes in behavior from previous releases.

==== Backup and Restore

===== Compression

In the previous versions of Couchbase Server, value compression always occurred on the backup client. 

> Starting with version 6.5, `cbbackupmgr` will leverage Server compression and backup the documents as compressed whenever possible. If the data is compressed by default, it will be backed up as compressed. If the data is not compressed, it will be compressed first and then backed up when value compression is opted. This improves the performance by reducing the size of the dataset to backup for transmission on the pipe and for the backup itself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 6.5, `cbbackupmgr` will leverage Server compression and back up the documents as compressed whenever possible.
If the data is compressed by default, it will be backed up as compressed.
If the data is not compressed, it will be compressed first and then backed up when value compression is opted. This improves the performance by reducing the size of the data set to back up for transmission on the pipe and for the backup itself. 
```

[#supported-platforms-650]
=== New Supported Platforms

This release adds support for the following platforms:

* CentOS 8
* macOS 10.14 "Mojave" (Development only)
* Oracle Linux 8
* SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 15
* Microsoft Windows Server 2019

See xref:install:install-platforms.adoc[Supported Platforms] for the complete list of supported platforms.

[#deprecation-650]
=== Deprecated and Removed Platforms

Starting with this release, the following platforms are no longer supported:

* CentOS 6
* macOS 10.12 "Sierra"
* Oracle Linux 6
* Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6
* SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11
* Windows Server 2012

[#known-issues-650]
=== Known Issues

> This section highlights some of the known issues in this release. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section highlights some of the known issues in this release. 
```
